well I'm waiting for mark and Caleb time
so I thought I'd just go ahead and drift
fish a little bit look at that got me a
little stinky old catfish
just eat your catfish horn bye-bye we're
heading out head to the bridge
more
what gets you physically
this is the first fish of the day and
it's a little sheep's head a little
sheep's head to battle to keep though he
gonna be 12 inches see that we call him
prisoner fish or convict fish that's a
sheep's head yeah see those needles a
lot of times right there razor blades
the cut you all right pull your uh put
your line in now let's measure him to
make sure he's got to be 10 inches I
think he's a nice 100 oh yeah look at
those teeth
say something and if I stick my finger
in there he'll bite down and poke a hole
right in me he's got actually this tooth
teeth yeah yeah okay he's a keeper he is
10 a half inches way to go yep that's a
keeper you got the first keeper in the
in the cooler today
good
give me some day
let's call the depth-finder fishfinder
right now is 5 foot 6 inches deep
underneath the back of the boat 5 9 10
it goes like this on the bottom water
temperatures 80 1.5 we're going 5.8
miles an hour and the voltage coming out
of battery is 14.5
turn up to so it goes left a little bit
I tried just a little back
good
straighten it out
a little bit more
that's good excellent all right we're
off Atta no had a pulse inlet what's up
by the channel markers well I can see it
that's a whiting yep I would say that's
a keeper that's a keeper
yep we'll keep this with and catch some
more another there girls good eat what
you got what you got come on oh he got
off go gone let's see what we got here
not moving very much okay I got
something huh another whiting sure we'll
keep him now he comes alive yeah
something
hoist your toad or a goby could be a
black sea bass
Oh stingray I don't know just something
healthy come on man
they hoist your tote big boy stur tote
they all eat your own fish so do they
get big I didn't lie
you want my hooker plaque just saw it
all right look at those teeth look at
those teeth now yeah we get it okay
that's my only prize
there you go
mmm about time yeah
I don't know what it is but I got in
finally
little mangrove little mangrove
these two middle though I'm pretty sure
I measure them up and see keep going
you're fishing don't look at my fish now
all right let it go you should be a
little bit longer a little bit bigger